Add Github Actions to CI documentation (#3377)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/working-with-extensions/continuous-integration.md

You can enable the build to run continuously when pushing to a branch and even on pull requests. See [Build pipeline triggers](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/devops/pipelines/build/triggers) to learn more.

## Github Actions

> With Github Actions is simpler since there is already an [action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/gabrielbb-xvfb-action) that automatically checks if linux is being used, if that's the case then it runs the tests in a XVFB enabled environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure Github Actions to run your extension CI using the [gabrielbb xvfb action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/gabrielbb-xvfb-action). This automatically checks if Linux is the current OS and runs the tests in an Xvfb enabled environment accordingly:
```
